# 5BBB0226_Tutorial_2021

Materials for Protein modelling tutorial.

## How to download

For each file, click on the name of the file, move your cursor to the button 'Raw', right-click, and select 'Save Link As ...' (or equivalent in your browser). This saves the file to your local directory at a location you choose.

## Content

### Tutorial Worksheets

Week 2: `5BBB0226_Tutorial_Week_2_Worksheet_F.pdf`

Week 3: `5BBB0226_Tutorial_Week_3_Worksheet_F.pdf`

Week 5: `5BBB0226_Tutorial_Week_5_Worksheet_F.pdf`

### Tutorial Data Files (Week 3)

`ARAF_HUMAN_PK.fasta`: FASTA sequence of the query protein (Protein kinase domain of ARAF_HUMAN). Downloaded from UniProt.

`Automated_Mode_Temp=6q0j.pdb`: Automated mode model generated by SWISS-MODEL of the query protein, using 6q0j as the template. PDB format.

`BLAST_aligned_seq_Top10.fasta`: Top 10 templates in the BLAST search (against PDB) of the query protein. Amino acid sequences of the aligned templates in fasta format.

`BLAST_hit_table_Top100.txt`: The top 100 templates in the BLAST search (against PDB) of the query protein. BLAST search statistics in table format.

`BLAST_search_strategy.asn`: BLAST search strategy downloaded (you can use this as input to BLAST if the search is to be repeated)

`Template_6N0P.fasta`: FASTA sequence of 6n0p as a template to model the query protein. 

`Template_6N0P.pdb`: PDB structure of 6n0p as a template to model the query protein.

### Tutorial Data Files (Week 5)

`Alignment_Mode_Temp=6N0P.pdb`: Alignment mode model generated by SWISS-MODEL of the query protein, using the ClustalW alignment of the query with the template (6N0P.1.A). PDB format.

`Automated_Mode_Temp=6Q0J.pdb`: Automated mode model generated by SWISS-MODEL of the query protein, using 6Q0J.1.A as the template. PDB format.

`Template_6N0P.pdb`: PDB structure of 6N0P as a template to model the query protein.

`Template_6Q0J.pdb`: PDB structure of 6Q0J as a template to model the query protein.

__TEMPORARY:__ Links to SWISS-MODEL projects computed prior to the tutorial, allowing you to look at SWISS-MODEL's structure assessment for the above homology models:

[Automated Mode: Tutorial (6Q0J)](https://swissmodel.expasy.org/interactive/TSpRVX/models/)

[Alignment Mode: Tutorial (6N0P)](https://swissmodel.expasy.org/interactive/GfsYem/models/)
